Update beta docs (#11483)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/configuration/review.md

title: Review
---

> The Review area of Frigate 0.14 is for quickly reviewing historical footage of interest from your cameras. _Review items_ are indicated on a vertical timeline and displayed as a grid of previews - bandwidth-optimized, low frame rate, low resolution videos. Hovering over or swiping a preview plays the video and marks it as reviewed. If more in-depth analysis is required, the preview can be clicked/tapped and the full frame rate, full resolution recording is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Review page of the Frigate UI is for quickly reviewing historical footage of interest from your cameras. _Review items_ are indicated on a vertical timeline and displayed as a grid of previews - bandwidth-optimized, low frame rate, low resolution videos. Hovering over or swiping a preview plays the video and marks it as reviewed. If more in-depth analysis is required, the preview can be clicked/tapped and the full frame rate, full resolution recording is displayed.
```

Review items are filterable by date, object type, and camera.

## Alerts and Detections

> Not every segment of video captured by Frigate may be of the same level of interest to you. Video of people who enter your property are a different priority than those walking by on the sidewalk. For this reason, Frigate 0.14 categorizes review items as _alerts_ and _detections_. By default, all person and car objects are considered alerts. You can refine categorization of your review items by configuring required zones for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not every segment of video captured by Frigate may be of the same level of interest to you. Video of people who enter your property may be a different priority than those walking by on the sidewalk. For this reason, Frigate categorizes review items as _alerts_ and _detections_. By default, all person and car objects are considered alerts. You can refine categorization of your review items by configuring required zones for them.
```
